src/components/molecules/inputs/doc/01-mg-input.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Molecules/Inputs/mg-input" />

# Inputs

## UX

### Label

- the label is located on the left of the input field
- the text is to be right aligned
- the label can be on one or more lines
- the label can be positioned above the input field

### Incorrect value entered

- the field label is displayed in red
- the frame of the input field is displayed in red
- an alert message is displayed in red below the input field
- if an informative "i" follows the field, it is displayed in red

### Input help

When the focus is on the input field, a message is displayed below.
The message displayed indicates the format expected by the input field "example: email@provider.com" or "expected format: DD/MM/YYYY (ex: 13/04/2019)"

### Message order

When the messages are displayed under the field the order is as follows:

1. number of characters left
2. input help
3. error

### Placeholder

The placeholder should not be used as an input help.
♿ RGAA: The placeholder is not considered a valid label under the RGAA so is not subject to a contrast ratio.

### Read only

The value is no longer editable.
The input field no longer has a border or background.
The value is displayed in bold.
If there is no value entered, nothing is displayed.

### Required field

The asterisk is displayed regardless of the status of the field: input, read-only, disabled.

## Specs

### Sizing

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-sizing.png)

### Spacing

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-spacing.png)

#### Placements

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-alignments.png)
The "i" will be positioned next to the label in a future version, for the moment it follows the input.

#### Forms

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-shapes.png)

#### Fonts

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-fonts.png)

##### Messages

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-messages-fonts.png)

#### Styles / states

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-styles.png)

##### Messages

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-messages.png)

##### Errors

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-errors.png)

## Behavior

### Form

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-behavior.png)

### Errors

Error is triggered and displayed when we leave the input field.

When we enter in an input field with an error its state is checked everytime the user update its content, when the error is fixed the message disapears.

Commit message:

feat(mg-input): update doc
CORE-681

src/components/molecules/inputs/doc/01-mg-input.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Molecules/Inputs/mg-input" />

# Inputs

## UX

### Label

- the label is located on the left of the input field
- the text is to be right aligned
- the label can be on one or more lines
- the label can be positioned above the input field

### Incorrect value entered

- the field label is displayed in red
- the frame of the input field is displayed in red
- an alert message is displayed in red below the input field
- if an informative "i" follows the field, it is displayed in red

### Input help

When the focus is on the input field, a message is displayed below.
The message displayed indicates the format expected by the input field "example: email@provider.com" or "expected format: DD/MM/YYYY (ex: 13/04/2019)"

### Message order

When the messages are displayed under the field the order is as follows:

1. number of characters left
2. input help
3. error

### Placeholder

The placeholder should not be used as an input help.
♿ RGAA: The placeholder is not considered a valid label under the RGAA so is not subject to a contrast ratio.

### Read only

The value is no longer editable.
The input field no longer has a border or background.
The value is displayed in bold.
If there is no value entered, nothing is displayed.

### Required field

The asterisk is displayed regardless of the status of the field: input, read-only, disabled.

## Specs

### Sizing

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-sizing.png)

### Spacing

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-spacing.png)

#### Placements

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-alignments.png)
The "i" will be positioned next to the label in a future version, for the moment it follows the input.

#### Forms

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-shapes.png)

#### Fonts

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-fonts.png)

##### Messages

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-messages-fonts.png)

#### Styles / states

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-styles.png)

##### Messages

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-messages.png)

##### Errors

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-errors.png)

Input field border and error message text are in [@color-danger](?path=/docs/style-colors--page).  
Error message background is a variant of [@color-danger](?path=/docs/style-colors--page) : #FEF6F6 or HSL (357,80%,98%).

## Behavior

### Form

![](./inputs/doc/img/mg-input-base-behavior.png)

### Errors

Error is triggered and displayed when we leave the input field.

When we enter in an input field with an error its state is checked everytime the user update its content, when the error is fixed the message disapears.
