src/components/molecules/mg-pagination/readme.md, before:

## Anatomy

![](./mg-pagination/doc/img/mg-pagination-nav-anatomy.png)

## Specs

![](./mg-pagination/doc/img/mg-pagination-nav-specs.png)

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute      | Description                                                                                                 | Type     | Default                     |
| ------------- | -------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | --------------------------- |
| `currentPage` | `current-page` | Component current page                                                                                      | `number` | `1`                         |
| `identifier`  | `identifier`   | Identifier is used for the element ID (id is a reserved prop in Stencil.js) If not set, it will be created. | `string` | `createID('mg-pagination')` |
| `label`       | `label`        | Panignation label. Is a short description. Customize default value can be usefull to improve accessibility  | `string` | `undefined`                 |
| `totalPages`  | `total-pages`  | Component total pages                                                                                       | `number` | `1`                         |


## Events

| Event                 | Description                            | Type                  |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `current-page-change` | Emmited event when current page change | `CustomEvent<number>` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [mg-button](../../atoms/mg-button)
- [mg-icon](../../atoms/mg-icon)
- [mg-input-select](../inputs/mg-input-select)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  mg-pagination --> mg-button
  mg-pagination --> mg-icon
  mg-pagination --> mg-input-select
  mg-button --> mg-icon
  mg-input-select --> mg-tooltip
  mg-input-select --> mg-icon
  mg-input-select --> mg-input-title
  style mg-pagination fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(mgPagination): Add prop `hideNavigationLabel` to hide "next/previous" labels in navigation
CORE-1045

src/components/molecules/mg-pagination/readme.md, after:

## Anatomy

![](./mg-pagination/doc/img/mg-pagination-nav-anatomy.png)

## Specs

![](./mg-pagination/doc/img/mg-pagination-nav-specs.png)

It's possible to hide the labels "prev" and "next" to show only the icons "chevron"

![](./mg-pagination/doc/img/mg-pagination-nav-label-hide.png)


<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property               | Attribute                | Description                                                                                                 | Type      | Default                     |
| ---------------------- | ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| `currentPage`          | `current-page`           | Component current page                                                                                      | `number`  | `1`                         |
| `hideNavigationLabels` | `hide-navigation-labels` | Hide navigation label                                                                                       | `boolean` | `undefined`                 |
| `identifier`           | `identifier`             | Identifier is used for the element ID (id is a reserved prop in Stencil.js) If not set, it will be created. | `string`  | `createID('mg-pagination')` |
| `label`                | `label`                  | Panignation label. Is a short description. Customize default value can be usefull to improve accessibility  | `string`  | `undefined`                 |
| `totalPages`           | `total-pages`            | Component total pages                                                                                       | `number`  | `1`                         |


## Events

| Event                 | Description                            | Type                  |
| --------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `current-page-change` | Emmited event when current page change | `CustomEvent<number>` |


## Dependencies

### Depends on

- [mg-button](../../atoms/mg-button)
- [mg-icon](../../atoms/mg-icon)
- [mg-input-select](../inputs/mg-input-select)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  mg-pagination --> mg-button
  mg-pagination --> mg-icon
  mg-pagination --> mg-input-select
  mg-button --> mg-icon
  mg-input-select --> mg-tooltip
  mg-input-select --> mg-icon
  mg-input-select --> mg-input-title
  style mg-pagination fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
