src/components/molecules/inputs/mg-input-select/readme.md, before:

## Design

The placeholder of the list is "Select a value".

The behavior, style and position of the chevron on the right of the field are those of the native browser.
The spacing between the text and the chevron is at least 10px.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                  | Attribute              | Description                                                                                                                                    | Type                         | Default           |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `disabled`                | `disabled`             | Define if input is disabled                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `helpText`                | `help-text`            | Add a help text under the input, usually expected data format and example                                                                      | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `identifier` _(required)_ | `identifier`           | Identifier is used for the element ID (id is a reserved prop in Stencil.js)                                                                    | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `invalid`                 | `invalid`              | Define input invalid state                                                                                                                     | `boolean`                    | `undefined`       |
| `items` _(required)_      | --                     | Items are the possible options to select                                                                                                       | `SelectOption[] \| string[]` | `undefined`       |
| `label` _(required)_      | `label`                | Input label                                                                                                                                    | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `labelHide`               | `label-hide`           | Define if label is visible                                                                                                                     | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `labelOnTop`              | `label-on-top`         | Define if label is displayed on top                                                                                                            | `boolean`                    | `undefined`       |
| `mgWidth`                 | `mg-width`             | Define input width                                                                                                                             | `"full" \| 16 \| 2 \| 4`     | `undefined`       |
| `name`                    | `name`                 | Input name If not set the value equals the identifier                                                                                          | `string`                     | `this.identifier` |
| `placeholder`             | `placeholder`          | Input placeholder. It should be a word or short phrase that demonstrates the expected type of data, not a replacement for labels or help text. | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `placeholderDisabled`     | `placeholder-disabled` | Option to disable placeholder                                                                                                                  | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `placeholderHide`         | `placeholder-hide`     | Option to remove placeholder                                                                                                                   | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `readonly`                | `readonly`             | Define if input is readonly                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `required`                | `required`             | Define if input is required                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `tooltip`                 | `tooltip`              | Add a tooltip message next to the input                                                                                                        | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `valid`                   | `valid`                | Define input valid state                                                                                                                       | `boolean`                    | `undefined`       |
| `value`                   | `value`                | Component value                                                                                                                                | `any`                        | `undefined`       |


## Events

| Event          | Description                         | Type                   |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `input-valid`  | Emited event when checking validity | `CustomEvent<boolean>` |
| `value-change` | Emited event when value change      | `CustomEvent<any>`     |


## Methods

### `displayError() => Promise<void>`

Public method to display errors

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [mg-pagination](../../mg-pagination)

### Depends on

- [mg-tooltip](../../../atoms/mg-tooltip)
- [mg-icon](../../../atoms/mg-icon)
- [mg-input-title](../../../atoms/mg-input-title)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  mg-input-select --> mg-tooltip
  mg-input-select --> mg-icon
  mg-input-select --> mg-input-title
  mg-pagination --> mg-input-select
  style mg-input-select fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

docs(mg-input-select): define input default width
CORE-1149

src/components/molecules/inputs/mg-input-select/readme.md, after:

## Design

The placeholder of the list is "Select a value".

The behavior, style and position of the chevron on the right of the field are those of the native browser.  
The spacing between the text and the chevron is at least 10px.

### Sizing

The width of the component is defined by the largest option of the options.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property                  | Attribute              | Description                                                                                                                                    | Type                         | Default           |
| ------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `disabled`                | `disabled`             | Define if input is disabled                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `helpText`                | `help-text`            | Add a help text under the input, usually expected data format and example                                                                      | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `identifier` _(required)_ | `identifier`           | Identifier is used for the element ID (id is a reserved prop in Stencil.js)                                                                    | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `invalid`                 | `invalid`              | Define input invalid state                                                                                                                     | `boolean`                    | `undefined`       |
| `items` _(required)_      | --                     | Items are the possible options to select                                                                                                       | `SelectOption[] \| string[]` | `undefined`       |
| `label` _(required)_      | `label`                | Input label                                                                                                                                    | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `labelHide`               | `label-hide`           | Define if label is visible                                                                                                                     | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `labelOnTop`              | `label-on-top`         | Define if label is displayed on top                                                                                                            | `boolean`                    | `undefined`       |
| `mgWidth`                 | `mg-width`             | Define input width                                                                                                                             | `"full" \| 16 \| 2 \| 4`     | `undefined`       |
| `name`                    | `name`                 | Input name If not set the value equals the identifier                                                                                          | `string`                     | `this.identifier` |
| `placeholder`             | `placeholder`          | Input placeholder. It should be a word or short phrase that demonstrates the expected type of data, not a replacement for labels or help text. | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `placeholderDisabled`     | `placeholder-disabled` | Option to disable placeholder                                                                                                                  | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `placeholderHide`         | `placeholder-hide`     | Option to remove placeholder                                                                                                                   | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `readonly`                | `readonly`             | Define if input is readonly                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `required`                | `required`             | Define if input is required                                                                                                                    | `boolean`                    | `false`           |
| `tooltip`                 | `tooltip`              | Add a tooltip message next to the input                                                                                                        | `string`                     | `undefined`       |
| `valid`                   | `valid`                | Define input valid state                                                                                                                       | `boolean`                    | `undefined`       |
| `value`                   | `value`                | Component value                                                                                                                                | `any`                        | `undefined`       |


## Events

| Event          | Description                         | Type                   |
| -------------- | ----------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `input-valid`  | Emited event when checking validity | `CustomEvent<boolean>` |
| `value-change` | Emited event when value change      | `CustomEvent<any>`     |


## Methods

### `displayError() => Promise<void>`

Public method to display errors

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [mg-pagination](../../mg-pagination)

### Depends on

- [mg-tooltip](../../../atoms/mg-tooltip)
- [mg-icon](../../../atoms/mg-icon)
- [mg-input-title](../../../atoms/mg-input-title)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  mg-input-select --> mg-tooltip
  mg-input-select --> mg-icon
  mg-input-select --> mg-input-title
  mg-pagination --> mg-input-select
  style mg-input-select fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
