readme.md, before:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)

# MG Components

This project centralize MGDIS standalone Web Components using [Stencil](https://stenciljs.com/).

## Stencil

Stencil is a compiler for building fast web apps using Web Components.

Stencil combines the best concepts of the most popular frontend frameworks into a compile-time rather than run-time tool. Stencil takes TypeScript, JSX, a tiny virtual DOM layer, efficient one-way data binding, an asynchronous rendering pipeline (similar to React Fiber), and lazy-loading out of the box, and generates 100% standards-based Web Components that run in any browser supporting the Custom Elements v1 spec.

Stencil components are just Web Components, so they work in any major framework or with no framework at all.

## Getting Started

To run MG Components, clone this repository, go to your new directory and run:

```bash
npm ci
npm run start
```

To build for production, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

To run tests for the components, run:

```bash
npm run test

# only unit tests
npm run test:unit

# only e2e tests
npm run test:e2e

# filter on filename
npm run test -- mg-icon
npm run test:unit -- mg-icon
```

<!-- Not working for now: To regenerate snapshot you must add the `-u` parameter. -->

For E2E tests you **must** use [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows/wsl/install) or a Linux OS to get the same screenshots as the GitLab CI.

To add a component, run:

```bash
npm run generate component-path

# example for an atom
npm run generate atoms/mg-icon

# example for a molecule
npm run generate molecules/mg-message
```

## Naming Components

All of the MGDIS generated web components must use the prefix `mg`.

## Using this library

You will find how to use the library instructions in the [Getting Started section](src/stories/1-getting-started.stories.mdx).

## Style

### Naming methodology

MG Components is using [BEM](https://en.bem.info/) (Block, Element, Modifier) methodology with the [two dashes style](https://en.bem.info/methodology/naming-convention/#two-dashes-style) naming scheme.

### Declaration organisation

When a selector contains too many declaration it is recommended to organize them by theme : Display, Decoration, Font, Others.

```CSS
.mg-button {
  // Display
  display: inline-block;
  vertical-align: middle;
  min-height: 3.5rem;
  padding: 0.6rem 1.2rem;
  // Decoration
  background-image: none;
  border-radius: 0.3rem;
  border: 0.1rem solid transparent;
  cursor: pointer;
  // Font
  font-weight: normal;
  text-align: center;
  white-space: nowrap;
  // Others
  touch-action: manipulation;
}
```

### Accessibility

A good pratice is to manage hover, focus and active state at the same place.

```SCSS
/* SCSS */
button {
  &:hover, &:focus, &:active {
    text-decoration: underline;
  }
}

/* CSS */
button:hover, button:focus, button:active {
  text-decoration: underline;
}
```

## Storybook

The plugin [storybook-addon-docs-stencil
](https://github.com/pixtron/storybook-addon-docs-stencil) is used to generate the doc. **To be up to date on local it needs a fresh build**.

### run

```bash
npm run storybook
```

### Notes

- camelCase arguments must be written in the template, for exemple labelOnTop must be placed in the template as label-on-top={args.labelOnTop}
- Boolean arguments with a default true value must be added like display-character-left={args.displayCharacterLeft ? 'true' : 'false'}

Commit message:

chore: use pnpm instead of npm

readme.md, after:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)

# MG Components

This project centralize MGDIS standalone Web Components using [Stencil](https://stenciljs.com/).

## Stencil

Stencil is a compiler for building fast web apps using Web Components.

Stencil combines the best concepts of the most popular frontend frameworks into a compile-time rather than run-time tool. Stencil takes TypeScript, JSX, a tiny virtual DOM layer, efficient one-way data binding, an asynchronous rendering pipeline (similar to React Fiber), and lazy-loading out of the box, and generates 100% standards-based Web Components that run in any browser supporting the Custom Elements v1 spec.

Stencil components are just Web Components, so they work in any major framework or with no framework at all.

## Getting Started

To run MG Components, clone this repository, go to your new directory and run:

```bash
corepack enable
# This repository uses pnpm as package manager
pnpm i
npm run start
```

To build for production, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

To run tests for the components, run:

```bash
npm run test

# only unit tests
npm run test:unit

# only e2e tests
npm run test:e2e

# filter on filename
npm run test -- mg-icon
npm run test:unit -- mg-icon
```

<!-- Not working for now: To regenerate snapshot you must add the `-u` parameter. -->

For E2E tests you **must** use [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows/wsl/install) or a Linux OS to get the same screenshots as the GitLab CI.

To add a component, run:

```bash
npm run generate component-path

# example for an atom
npm run generate atoms/mg-icon

# example for a molecule
npm run generate molecules/mg-message
```

## Naming Components

All of the MGDIS generated web components must use the prefix `mg`.

## Using this library

You will find how to use the library instructions in the [Getting Started section](src/stories/1-getting-started.stories.mdx).

## Style

### Naming methodology

MG Components is using [BEM](https://en.bem.info/) (Block, Element, Modifier) methodology with the [two dashes style](https://en.bem.info/methodology/naming-convention/#two-dashes-style) naming scheme.

### Declaration organisation

When a selector contains too many declaration it is recommended to organize them by theme : Display, Decoration, Font, Others.

```CSS
.mg-button {
  // Display
  display: inline-block;
  vertical-align: middle;
  min-height: 3.5rem;
  padding: 0.6rem 1.2rem;
  // Decoration
  background-image: none;
  border-radius: 0.3rem;
  border: 0.1rem solid transparent;
  cursor: pointer;
  // Font
  font-weight: normal;
  text-align: center;
  white-space: nowrap;
  // Others
  touch-action: manipulation;
}
```

### Accessibility

A good pratice is to manage hover, focus and active state at the same place.

```SCSS
/* SCSS */
button {
  &:hover, &:focus, &:active {
    text-decoration: underline;
  }
}

/* CSS */
button:hover, button:focus, button:active {
  text-decoration: underline;
}
```

## Storybook

The plugin [storybook-addon-docs-stencil
](https://github.com/pixtron/storybook-addon-docs-stencil) is used to generate the doc. **To be up to date on local it needs a fresh build**.

### run

```bash
npm run storybook
```

### Notes

- camelCase arguments must be written in the template, for exemple labelOnTop must be placed in the template as label-on-top={args.labelOnTop}
- Boolean arguments with a default true value must be added like display-character-left={args.displayCharacterLeft ? 'true' : 'false'}
