src/components/molecules/mg-skip-links/readme.md, before:

## Behavior

On the first tab, a banner with the link(s) is displayed by pushing the content down.

The number of links will be added according to the content of the page.

## Specs

### Sizing

The minimum height of the banner is 55px.

### Spacing

Items have an internal margin of 12px and are spaced 6px apart.

### Styling

- The links are in [@color-dark](./?path=/docs/style-colors--page).
- The background of the banner is in [@color-light](./?path=/docs/style-colors--page).

#### On hover

The background of the item takes the color [@color-dark](./?path=/docs/style-colors--page) at 10% opacity.

#### Focus taking

Native browser behavior is retained.

## Code example

You need to press <kbd>Tab</kbd> in the code example to see the component.

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property | Attribute | Description | Type         | Default     |
| -------- | --------- | ----------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| `links`  | --        | Skip links  | `SkipLink[]` | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event          | Description                       | Type                  |
| -------------- | --------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `go-to-anchor` | Emited event when link is clicked | `CustomEvent<string>` |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(mgSkiplink): add go-to-anchor documentation
CORE-2221 #223

src/components/molecules/mg-skip-links/readme.md, after:

## Behavior

On the first tab, a banner with the link(s) is displayed by pushing the content down.

The number of links will be added according to the content of the page.

## Specs

### Sizing

The minimum height of the banner is 55px.

### Spacing

Items have an internal margin of 12px and are spaced 6px apart.

### Styling

- The links are in [@color-dark](./?path=/docs/style-colors--page).
- The background of the banner is in [@color-light](./?path=/docs/style-colors--page).

#### On hover

The background of the item takes the color [@color-dark](./?path=/docs/style-colors--page) at 10% opacity.

#### Focus taking

Native browser behavior is retained.

## Code example

You need to press <kbd>Tab</kbd> in the code example to see the component.

## Implementation with a "#" based router

The `mg-skip-links` use native anchor behavior, but if your site/application use a router based on "#" links, like angularJS does, you will need to use the component "go-to-anchor" event. This event return its detail property the target anchor, then you can apply the anchor scrollTo behavior:
- in case the anchor is in the same document, with some native javascript :

```js
const goToAnchor(anchor){
    const top = document.querySelector(anchor).offsetTop;
    window.scrollTo(0, top);
}​
```

- in case the anchor is in parent/child/sibling iframe document, with the [moveToAnchor method from iframeRisizer](https://github.com/davidjbradshaw/iframe-resizer/blob/master/docs/parent_page/methods.md#movetoanchoranchor)

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property | Attribute | Description | Type         | Default     |
| -------- | --------- | ----------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| `links`  | --        | Skip links  | `SkipLink[]` | `undefined` |


## Events

| Event          | Description                       | Type                  |
| -------------- | --------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `go-to-anchor` | Emited event when link is clicked | `CustomEvent<string>` |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
