src/stories/1-getting-started.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Get Started" />

# Get Started

## Install

### Vue.js

#### Adding the lib

Add MG Components to your project.

```bash
npm install -D @mgdis/mg-components
```

Import the lib by adding this code in the `main.js` file:

```js
import { applyPolyfills, defineCustomElements } from '@mgdis/mg-components/loader';

// Tells VueJS to ignore Elements from the design system
Vue.config.ignoredElements = [/mg-\w*/];
// Bind the custom elements to the window object
applyPolyfills().then(() => {
  defineCustomElements();
});
```

The `mg-components` components are now globally available in you project, no need to import them individually in your Vue.js views or components.

You need now to import the components style by adding the mg-components variables or directly the stylesheet who came with in the `App.vue` file :

```html
<style lang="scss">
  @import '~@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/variables.scss';
</style>
```

or

```html
<style>
  @import '~@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/mg-components.css';
</style>
```

#### Use the lib

##### Bind

To bind a non string value in a web component we have to use the Vue.js [`.prop`](https://vuejs.org/v2/api/#v-bind) modifier:

```html
<mg-input-text
  :readonly.prop="readOnly"
  :value="user.firstname" // Not mandatory when the value is a string
  :label="$t('firstname')"
  identifier="firstname"
></mg-input-text>
```

##### v-model

`v-model` can not be used in web components so we must set the value and the custum event `valueChange`:

```html
<mg-input-text :value="user.firstname" :label="$t('firstname')" @valueChange="user.firstname = $event.target.value"></mg-input-text>
```

#### Tests

During test custom elements are not registered, to prevent Jest to log errors you'll need to add the ignoredElements Vue.js config in your test file:

```js
import Vue from 'vue';
Vue.config.ignoredElements = [/mg-\w*/];
```

### Angular.js

#### Adding the lib

Add MG Components to your project.

```bash
npm install -D @mgdis/mg-components
```

Import the lib by adding this code in the `app.js` file:

```js
import { applyPolyfills, defineCustomElements } from '@mgdis/mg-components/loader';

// Bind the custom elements to the window object
applyPolyfills().then(() => {
  defineCustomElements();
});
```

The `mg-components` components are now globally available in you project, no need to import them individually in your components.

You need now to import the components style by adding the mg-components variables or directly the stylesheet who came with in the `app.js` file :

```js
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/variables.scss';
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/mg-components.css';
```

#### Use the lib

##### Bind

To bind a value in a web component we have to use the Angular.js [`ng-prop-`](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive/ngProp) directive:

```html
<mg-input-text ng-prop-readonly="readOnly" ng-prop-value="user.firstname" label="Firstname" identifier="firstname"></mg-input-text>
```

##### ng-model

`ng-model` can not be used in web components so we must set the value and the use the custum event `valueChange` with the [`ng-on-`](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive/ngOn) directive :

```html
<mg-input-text ng-prop-value="user.firstname" label="Firstname" ng-on-value_change="user.firstname = $event.target.value"></mg-input-text>
```

Commit message:

docs: import custom element without IE support

src/stories/1-getting-started.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Get Started" />

# Get Started

## Install

### Vue.js

#### Adding the lib

Add MG Components to your project.

```bash
npm install -D @mgdis/mg-components
```

Now, depending if your project needs IE support or not, the import is different.

##### IE support

Import the lib by adding this code in the `main.js` file:

```js
import { applyPolyfills, defineCustomElements } from '@mgdis/mg-components/loader';

// Tells VueJS to ignore Elements from the design system
Vue.config.ignoredElements = [/mg-\w*/];
// Bind the custom elements to the window object
applyPolyfills().then(() => {
  defineCustomElements();
});
```

This import will provide all the needed polyfills for IE. The `mg-components` components are now globally available in you project, no need to import them individually in your Vue.js views or components.

##### without IE support

Add the following line in the client `jest.conf.js`:

```js
transformIgnorePatterns: ['/node_modules/@mgdis/(?!mg-components)'],
```

Import the needed components in your views/components like this:

```js
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/components/mg-input-text';
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/components/mg-input-date';
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/components/mg-input-textarea';
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/components/mg-button';
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/components/mg-message';
```

##### Import stylesheet

You need now to import the components style by adding the mg-components variables or directly the stylesheet who came with in the `App.vue` file :

```html
<style lang="scss">
  @import '~@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/variables.scss';
</style>
```

and/or

```html
<style>
  @import '~@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/mg-components.css';
</style>
```

#### Use the lib

##### Bind

To bind a non string value in a web component we have to use the Vue.js [`.prop`](https://vuejs.org/v2/api/#v-bind) modifier:

```html
<mg-input-text
  :readonly.prop="readOnly"
  :value="user.firstname" // Not mandatory when the value is a string
  :label="$t('firstname')"
  identifier="firstname"
></mg-input-text>
```

##### v-model

`v-model` can not be used in web components so we must set the value and the custum event `valueChange`:

```html
<mg-input-text :value="user.firstname" :label="$t('firstname')" @valueChange="user.firstname = $event.target.value"></mg-input-text>
```

#### Tests

During test custom elements are not registered, to prevent Jest to log errors you'll need to add the ignoredElements Vue.js config in your test file:

```js
import Vue from 'vue';
Vue.config.ignoredElements = [/mg-\w*/];
```

### Angular.js

#### Adding the lib

Add MG Components to your project.

```bash
npm install -D @mgdis/mg-components
```

Import the lib by adding this code in the `app.js` file:

```js
import { applyPolyfills, defineCustomElements } from '@mgdis/mg-components/loader';

// Bind the custom elements to the window object
applyPolyfills().then(() => {
  defineCustomElements();
});
```

The `mg-components` components are now globally available in you project, no need to import them individually in your components.

You need now to import the components style by adding the mg-components variables or directly the stylesheet who came with in the `app.js` file :

```js
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/variables.scss';
import '@mgdis/mg-components/dist/mg-components/mg-components.css';
```

#### Use the lib

##### Bind

To bind a value in a web component we have to use the Angular.js [`ng-prop-`](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive/ngProp) directive:

```html
<mg-input-text ng-prop-readonly="readOnly" ng-prop-value="user.firstname" label="Firstname" identifier="firstname"></mg-input-text>
```

##### ng-model

`ng-model` can not be used in web components so we must set the value and the use the custum event `valueChange` with the [`ng-on-`](https://docs.angularjs.org/api/ng/directive/ngOn) directive :

```html
<mg-input-text ng-prop-value="user.firstname" label="Firstname" ng-on-value_change="user.firstname = $event.target.value"></mg-input-text>
```
