src/components/atoms/mg-button/readme.md, before:

This atom refers to the [PDA9-67](https://jira.mgdis.fr/browse/PDA9-67).

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute          | Description                                                                                                                                            | Type      | Default                 |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ----------------------- |
| `disableOnClick` | `disable-on-click` | Option to set input disable on click, in order to prevent multi-click. Parent component have to remove the attribute 'disabled' when the process ends. | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `disabled`       | `disabled`         | Disable button                                                                                                                                         | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `identifier`     | `identifier`       | Identifier is used for the element ID (id is a reserved prop in Stencil.js) If not set, it will be created.                                            | `string`  | `createID('mg-button')` |
| `isIcon`         | `is-icon`          | Define if button is round. Used for icon button.                                                                                                       | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `label`          | `label`            | aria-label In case button text is not explicit enough                                                                                                  | `string`  | `undefined`             |
| `variant`        | `variant`          | Define button variant                                                                                                                                  | `string`  | `variants[0]`           |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [mg-message](../../molecules/mg-message)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  mg-message --> mg-button
  style mg-button fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat(mg-button): add loading icon onclick
BFT-301

src/components/atoms/mg-button/readme.md, after:

This atom refers to the [PDA9-67](https://jira.mgdis.fr/browse/PDA9-67).

<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property         | Attribute          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Type      | Default                 |
| ---------------- | ------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------------------- |
| `disableOnClick` | `disable-on-click` | Option to set input disable on click, in order to prevent multi-click. Parent component have to remove the attribute 'disabled' when the process ends.                                                                                | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `disabled`       | `disabled`         | Disable button                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `identifier`     | `identifier`       | Identifier is used for the element ID (id is a reserved prop in Stencil.js) If not set, it will be created.                                                                                                                           | `string`  | `createID('mg-button')` |
| `isIcon`         | `is-icon`          | Define if button is round. Used for icon button.                                                                                                                                                                                      | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `label`          | `label`            | aria-label In case button text is not explicit enough                                                                                                                                                                                 | `string`  | `undefined`             |
| `loading`        | `loading`          | Define if button is loading, default to false. Trigger when button is clicked or key-up ['enter', 'space], then value change to true. It's required to reset to false when action/promise in parent is done to stop the loading state | `boolean` | `false`                 |
| `variant`        | `variant`          | Define button variant                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `string`  | `variants[0]`           |


## Dependencies

### Used by

 - [mg-message](../../molecules/mg-message)

### Depends on

- [mg-icon](../mg-icon)

### Graph
```mermaid
graph TD;
  mg-button --> mg-icon
  mg-message --> mg-button
  style mg-button fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
